# personalized-comics
This repository contains work done for Computional Intelligence project classes.

## Introduction
The goal of project was achieving application that automatically generates personalized comics with story and ilustrations. Stories should contain interesting plot and images with hero.
At the end of the day, user should be able to generate story about his friend.

##How to achieve that? 

### Story
Story is generated by ChatGPT. User needs to provide some personal information about main character. User has the option to chose whether ChatGPT is creating story from the scratch or it should follow the plot given by himself.

### Ilustration
Ilustrations are generated by Stable Diffusion model fine-tunned by 6-10 images of main character. This technique is called **DreamBooth** and it enable to achieve fantastic results.

## Results 
Final outcome of project is achieving semi-automatically comic generation - user needs to create prompts for Stable Diffusion model manually(as long as he wants to have good looking ilustrations). 

## What is required to generate comic? 
- 6-10 images of main character in good quality. 5 selfies and 4 images in different poses is the best configuration.
- Some personal information about main character
- Hugging face account (It's free)
- Google Drive with 6-7 GB of free memory
- Computional power and good GPU is not needed - all resources are provided by Google and Jupyter Notebook (with time limits)

 ## How long is the training? 
 It depends on parameters, but usually it takes around 30 minutes to train a good model. 
